README.md, before:

# WeGot - Nearby-Recommendations
## Purpose
This service forms a part of the WeGot food review website. It renders 6 recommended restaurants based on proximity to the current restaurant selected showing basic information about a restaurant, including the name, description, type, neighborhood, price level, WeGot and Google reviews summary. Clicking on the restaurant will take you to the newly selected restaurant page.

## Description
The service is composed of a server, a  client, and a database.
### Server API
Serves static client files in response to a GET request to the root endpoint.
### Database
A MongoDB database that holds restaurant information.
### Client
Takes in a restaurant ID and requests restaurant information from the server. Renders the information.

## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
-npm
-node
-jest
-webpack
-MongoDB

### Installation
1. Install dependencies: `npm install`
2. Start database server: `npm run database`
3. Seed database: `npm run seed-database`
4. Start server: `npm start`

To start, in your browser navigate to: [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## Tests
Run: `npm test`

Commit message:

added ReadMe and config.example.js for installation

README.md, after:

# WeGot - Nearby-Recommendations
## Purpose
This service forms a part of the WeGot food review website. It renders 6 recommended restaurants based on proximity to the current restaurant selected showing basic information about a restaurant, including the name, description, type, neighborhood, price level, WeGot and Google reviews summary. Clicking on the restaurant will take you to the newly selected restaurant page.

## Description
The service is composed of a server, a  client, and a database.
### Server API
Serves static client files in response to a GET request to the root endpoint.
### Database
A MongoDB database that holds restaurant information.
### Client
Takes in a restaurant ID and requests restaurant information from the server. Renders the information.

## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
-npm
-node
-jest
-webpack
-MongoDB

### Google API Key
To seed the database for the application, you will need a Google API key.

You can get an API Key from Google here:
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/get-api-key

Duplicate config.example.js and rename it to config.js.
Replace the placeholder strings in your newly created config.js with your Google API key.

NOTE: You've now created the file referenced in seed.js as config.js that your app requires in order to seed the database.

### Installation
1. Install dependencies: `npm install`
2. Start database server: `npm run database`
3. Seed database: `npm run seed-database`
4. Run React Webpack:`npm run react-dev`,
5. Start server: `npm start`

To start, in your browser navigate to: [http://localhost:3004](http://localhost:3004)

## Tests
Run: `npm test`
